Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
All right, so now we added all the layers
in our convolutional neural network,
and so now we just need to compile the whole thing
by choosing a stochastic gradient descent algorithm,
a loss function and, eventually, a performance metric.
So let's do this.
We already know how to do it, since it was the last step
of the building process of our ANN in the previous section.
We need to take our classifier.
I'm copying that, pasting it here, and then dot,
because we are gonna introduce the compile method.
This time we are not adding anything,
we are compling our CNN, so it's the compile method,
and then parenthesis, and then inside these parenthesis,
we add the parameters, that is, the optimizer parameter
to choose the stochastic gradient descent algorithm.
Then the last parameter to choose the loss function.
And then finally, the metrics parameter
to choose the performance metric.
So let's start with the first parameter.
The first parameter is optimizer.
Here we go.
Equals, and we are gonna choose
the same stochastic gradient descent algorithm
as we chose in the previous section for our ANN.
Remember it is the Adam algorithm.
All right.
Then, next argument.
The next argument is the loss function.
So loss equals, quotes, and inside these quotes,
we're gonna input the name of our loss function,
which, remember, is the binary cross entropy.
And that is for two reasons.
First of all, because this function corresponds
to the logarithmic loss, that is the loss function
that we use in general for classification problems
using a classification model like logistic regression.
And the second reason is that we have a binary outcome
and therefore, we need to choose
the binary cross entropy loss function.
And if we had more than two outcomes,
like cats, dogs, and birds, well,
we would need to choose categorical cross entropy.
But here we have a binary outcome, cat or dog,
so it's binary cross entropy.
Here we go.
And now comma and last argument.
So the last argument is the performance metric.
And we are gonna choose, as usual,
the most common one, the accuracy metric.
So let's input it.
Metrics equals, then in brackets and quotes, accuracy.
Here we go.
And that's all.
Our model is ready to compile.
So I'm going to select this line and execute.
All right, perfect.
Our classifier was just compiled correctly.
And so now we are ready to move on to the next step
and final step before we get our results.
That is the image preprocessing step
where we will fit our CNN that we just built
to all our images.
So it's gonna be a very exciting step
and I look forward to doing it in the next tutorial.
Until then, enjoy deep learning.